the new Apple pencil Pro is absolutely
Bonkers for starters there's pressure
sensitivity so if I draw really lightly
it comes out like this if I push harder
it looks like this there's barrel roll
which means that you know how with a
normal pencil or a highlighter you can
kind of rotate it in your hands to get
different parts of the tip yep it's
basically the same here you can hover so
you'll be able to see where you're about
to make a mark before you actually do
but also do you see the shadow yeah
that's not actually real this is a
software Shadow created specifically to
reassure you that you are about to write
where you think you're about to write
but pretty cool considering the shadow
even changes based on what tool has been
selected but this is my favorite bit you
see this neck here anywhere from about
here to here well you can squeeze it to
bring up your menu it's pretty trippy
cuz there's no actual button here it's
just pressure sensors combined with a
little vibration motor up top that gives
you that little bump when you placed
enough pressure to make it feel like you
have clicked something and then the
added perk of that is double tap to
quickly flick between two options
without even needing the menu